Link preview image to live example using WordPress Playground (#56292)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/how-to-guides/data-basics/README.md

This tutorial aims to get you comfortable with the Gutenberg data layer. It guides you through building a simple React application that enables the user to manage their WordPress pages. The finished app will look like this:

> [![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/WordPress/gutenberg/HEAD/docs/how-to-guides/data-basics/media/list-of-pages/part1-finished.jpg)](https://playground.wordpress.net/?blueprint-url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/WordPress/block-development-examples/trunk/plugins/data-basics-59c8f8/_playground/blueprint.json)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![Opens demo in WordPress Playground](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/WordPress/gutenberg/HEAD/docs/how-to-guides/data-basics/media/list-of-pages/part1-finished.jpg)](https://playground.wordpress.net/?blueprint-url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/WordPress/block-development-examples/trunk/plugins/data-basics-59c8f8/_playground/blueprint.json)
```

> [![Preview image of demo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/WordPress/gutenberg/HEAD/docs/how-to-guides/data-basics/media/list-of-pages/part1-finished.jpg)](https://playground.wordpress.net/?blueprint-url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/WordPress/block-development-examples/trunk/plugins/data-basics-59c8f8/_playground/blueprint.json "Opens demo in WordPress Playground")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![Open demo in WordPress Playground](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/WordPress/gutenberg/HEAD/docs/how-to-guides/data-basics/media/list-of-pages/part1-finished.jpg)](https://playground.wordpress.net/?blueprint-url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/WordPress/block-development-examples/trunk/plugins/data-basics-59c8f8/_playground/blueprint.json "Opens demo in WordPress Playground")
```
